CPM-80: Add Input/BooleanInput in DSM (#13276)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: akeneo-design-system/src/components/Input/BooleanInput/BooleanInput.stories.mdx

import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {BooleanInput} from './BooleanInput.tsx';

<Meta
  title="Components/BooleanInput"
  component={BooleanInput}
  argTypes={{
    value: {
      control: {type: 'select', options: [true, false, null]},
      description: 'Value of the input. Can be null if the input is clearable.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: 'null' },
      },
    },
    readOnly: {
      control: {type: 'boolean'},
      description: 'Displays the value of the input, but does not allow changes.',
    },
    clearable: {
      control: {type: 'boolean'},

>       description: 'Allow user to manage null value, and adds a button to clear the input.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'Allows the user to manage a null value, and adds a button to clear the input.',
```

    },
    onChange: {
      description: 'The handler called when clicking on Checkbox.',
    },
    yesLabel: {
      description: 'The label for the Yes button'
    },
    noLabel: {
      description: 'The label for the No button'
    },
    clearLabel: {
      description: 'The label for the Clear value button'
    }
  }}
  args={{
    value: null,
    yesLabel: 'Yes',
    noLabel: 'No',
    clearLabel: 'Clear value',
  }}
/>

# BooleanInput

## Usage

> Toggle is used to quickly switch between two possible states. They are commonly used for "yes/no" switches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BooleanInput is used to quickly switch between two possible states. It is commonly used for "yes/no" switches.
```

> The boolean can in some cases have a 3rd state, EMPTY. In this case, a clear button allows the user to empty the value of the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input can in some cases have a 3rd state, EMPTY. In this case, a clear button allows the user to empty the value of the field.
```
